DOC write the cross-entropy loss for classification trees (#23081)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/tree.rst

    H(Q_m) = - \sum_k p_{mk} \log(p_{mk})

.. note::

>   The Entropy criterion computes the Shannon entropy of the categorical

Author: ```suggestion
  The entropy criterion computes the Shannon entropy of the categorical
```

    H(Q_m) = - \sum_k p_{mk} \log(p_{mk})

.. note::

>   The entropy criterion computes the Shannon entropy of the categorical
>   distribution parametrized by the class frequency the training data points that
>   reached a given leaf `m`. Using the **Shannon entropy as tree node splitting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The entropy criterion computes the Shannon entropy of the possible classes. As
  their probability, its takes the class frequencies of the training data points that
  reached a given leaf `m`. Using the **Shannon entropy as tree node splitting
```
Just a suggestion.

>   The entropy criterion computes the Shannon entropy of the possible classes. As
>   their probability, its takes the class frequencies of the training data points
>   that reached a given leaf :math:`m`. Using the **Shannon entropy as tree node

Author: Maybe?

```suggestion
  The entropy criterion computes the Shannon entropy of the possible classes. It
  takes the class frequencies of the training data points that reached a given
  leaf :math:`m` as their probability. Using the **Shannon entropy as tree node
```

>   criterion is equivalent to minimizing the cross-entropy loss** (also known as
>   the categorical deviance or the log-loss) between the true labels :math:`y_i`

Reviewer: I think, we should reorder the preference, put "log loss" fist.
```suggestion
  criterion is equivalent to minimizing the log loss** (also known as cross-entropy
  and multinomial deviance) between the true labels :math:`y_i`
```

>   and the probalistic predictions :math:`T(x_i)` of the tree model :math:`T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and the probalistic predictions :math:`T_k(x_i)` of the tree model :math:`T` for class :math:`k`.
```
Or `T^k`.
And so on. I think this is more readable.

>   To see, this, first recall that the cross-entropy of a tree model :math:`T`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To see, this, first recall that the log loss of a tree model :math:`T`
```

In addition, should we calculate the average/mean loss instead of the sum? The final expression would then become very similar to "G".

Author: Alright, let me do this. I was about to push the normalized version.

>   To see, this, first recall that the log loss of a tree model :math:`T`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To see this, first recall that the log loss of a tree model :math:`T`
```

  computed on a dataset :math:`D` is defined as follows:

  .. math::
  

>       \mathrm{CE}(D, T) = -\sum_{(x_i, y_i) \in D} \sum_k I(y_i = k) \log(T(x_i))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \mathrm{LL}(D, T) = -\sum_{(x_i, y_i) \in D} \sum_k I(y_i = k) \log(T(x_i))
```

  where :math:`D` is a training dataset of :math:`n` pairs :math:`(x_i, y_i)`.

  In a classification tree, the predicted class probabilities within leaf nodes

>   are constant, that is: for all :math:`(x_i, y_i) \in Q_m` such that :math:`y_i
>   = k` then :math:`T(x_i) = p_{mk}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  are constant, that is: for all :math:`(x_i, y_i) \in Q_m` one has
  :math:`T(x_i) = p_{mk}`.
```
`y` is not constant within a leaf node, just the prediction is constant.

Author: My notation is indeed bad. I would probably index `T(x_i)` by k: `T(x_i)_k` to denote the k-th element of the vector of class-wise probabilities `T(x_i)` predicted for by the tree `T` for input features `x_i`.

Author: done in 32542f4. @lorentzenchr feel free to merge if this is good for you.

  This property makes it possible to rewrite :math:`\mathrm{CE}(D, T)` as the
  sum of the Shannon entropies computed for each leaf of :math:`T` weighted by
  the number of training data points that reached each leaf:

  .. math::
  

>       \mathrm{CE}(D, T) = -\sum_{m \in T} n_m H(Q_m)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \mathrm{LL}(D, T) = -\sum_{m \in T} n_m H(Q_m)
```
